
zara : Gracefully Madrid by Zara is a Citrus Aromatic fragrance for women and men. This is a new fragrance. Gracefully Madrid was launched in 2021. The nose behind this fragrance is Jo Malone. Top note is Orange; middle note is Geranium; base note is Musk.

calvin klain : Obsession by Calvin Klein is a Amber Spicy fragrance for women. Obsession was launched in 1985. The nose behind this fragrance is Jean Guichard. Top notes are Vanilla, Basil, Bergamot, Mandarin Orange, Green Notes, Peach and Lemon;

dior: Sauvage by Dior is a Aromatic Fougere fragrance for men. Sauvage was launched in 2015. The nose behind this fragrance is Francois Demachy. Top notes are Calabrian bergamot and Pepper; middle notes are Sichuan Pepper, Lavender, Pink Pepper, Vetiver, Patchouli, Geranium and elemi;

tous : Tous Man Chill by Tous is a Aromatic Fruity fragrance for men. This is a new fragrance. Tous Man Chill was launched in 2022. The nose behind this fragrance is Véronique Nyberg. Top notes are Lime, Cardamom and Black Pepper;

Louis Vuitton : Ombre Nomade by Louis Vuitton is a Amber Woody fragrance for women and men. Ombre Nomade was launched in 2018. The nose behind this fragrance is Jacques Cavallier.

mugler : Angel Nova by Mugler is a Amber Floral fragrance for women. This is a new fragrance. Angel Nova was launched in 2020. Angel Nova was created by Sonia Constant, Louise Turner and Quentin Bisch. Top notes are Raspberry and Litchi; middle note is Damask Rose;

Penhaligon's : Luna by Penhaligon's is a fragrance for women and men. Luna was launched in 2016. Top notes are Lemon, Bergamot and Bitter Orange; middle notes are Rose, Juniper Berries and Jasmine; base notes are Balsam Fir, Musk and Ambergris.

armaf : Club de Nuit Sillage by Armaf is a Floral Woody Musk fragrance for women and men. This is a new fragrance. Club de Nuit Sillage was launched in 2020. Top notes are Black Currant, Bergamot, Lemon, Lime, Violet Leaf and Ginger; middle notes are Rose, iris and Jasmine;

givency : L'Interdit Eau de Parfum by Givenchy is a Amber Floral fragrance for women. L'Interdit Eau de Parfum was launched in 2018. L'Interdit Eau de Parfum was created by Dominique Ropion, Anne Flipo and Fanny Bal. Top notes are Pear and Bergamot; middle notes are Tuberose,

cartier : La Panthère Parfum by Cartier is a Chypre Floral fragrance for women. This is a new fragrance. La Panthère Parfum was launched in 2020. The nose behind this fragrance is Mathilde Laurent.

rasasi : Orchid Prairie by Rasasi is a Amber Floral fragrance for women. Orchid Prairie was launched in 2013. Top notes are Floral Notes, Rose and Geranium; middle notes are Cashmeran, Agarwood (Oud) and Coumarin; base notes are Agarwood (Oud), Musk, Amber and Vanilla.

prada : Luna Rossa Carbon by Prada is a Aromatic Fougere fragrance for men. Luna Rossa Carbon was launched in 2017. The nose behind this fragrance is Daniela (Roche) Andrier. Top notes are Bergamot and Pepper; middle notes are Lavender, Metallic notes, Coal, Watery Notes and Soil tincture;